Mods/bags_0.1.25/README.MD, before:

# bags_0.1.25 GitHub repo
### Moved to deecovan/bags_0.1.25
-----------
## v0.1.25 Release
* Test, Analyse and Rebalance
    * Recalc and Rebalance Quantities
    * Update images
    * Add New Screens
-----------
## v0.1.25-a  Tier 3 BigBag - 18 slots
- Create BigBag T3 from T2 with 5x1...t2x2...2x2...5x4 sticks...bigbag-t2...rope...tops LNL,SMS,LML
- Create BigBag T3 from Hamper T3 with 5x4...hamper-t3x1...5x1...5x3 sticks...hamper-t3...rope...tops SMS,SNS,LLL
-----------
## v0.1.24-a Tier 3 Hamper - 12 slots
- Create Hamper T3 from Hampers t2x2 with t2x2...2x2...3x5 hanper-t2...rope...tops LML,SMS,LLL
-----------
## v0.1.23-a Tier 2 BigBag - 9 slots
- Create BigBag T2 from T1 with with 3x3...t2x1...3x5 sticks...bigbag...tops LLL,NMN,NNN
- Create BigBag T2 from Hamper T2 with 3x3...t2x1...3x5 sticks...hamper-t2...tops LLL,NMN,NNN
-----------
## v0.1.22-a Tier 2 Hamper - 6 slots
- Create Hamper T2 from Hamper with t1x1...3x4 hamper...tops L_L,LML
-----------
## v0.1.21-a Tier 1 Hamper and BigBag - 4 and 6 slots
- Create Hamper with 3x8 tops L_L,LLL,LLL
- Create BigBag with 5x1...5x5 sticks...tops LML,LLL
-----------
## Finished
- Hamper and BigBag T3
- Bigag T2
- Hamper T1 and T2
- Hamper and BigBag T1
- Fixed: Lang key not found: bigbag:item-bigbag
- Fixed: Reciept dosnt loaded
- Working: Tested with other mods 
- Make the Large Basket as separate item
- Rename Large Basket to Hamper
- Test and add Screenshots
-----------
## Issues
- @TODO Needs: translations

Commit message:

Tested Finished 4x BigBag-T3 (InGame-June-2nd)

Mods/bags_0.1.25/README.MD, after:

# bags_0.1.25 GitHub repo
### Moved to deecovan/bags_0.1.25
-----------
## v0.1.25 Release Dec-01
- Tested Finished 4x BigBag-T3 (InGame-June-2nd)
    - Test, Analyse and Rebalance
    - Recalc and Rebalance Quantities
* @TODO
    * Update images
    * Add New Screens
    * Needs: translations
-----------
## v0.1.25-a  Tier 3 BigBag - 18 slots
- Create BigBag T3 from T2 with 5x1...t2x2...2x2...5x4 sticks...bigbag-t2...rope...tops LNL,SMS,LML
- Create BigBag T3 from Hamper T3 with 5x4...hamper-t3x1...5x1...5x3 sticks...hamper-t3...rope...tops SMS,SNS,LLL
-----------
## v0.1.24-a Tier 3 Hamper - 12 slots
- Create Hamper T3 from Hampers t2x2 with t2x2...2x2...3x5 hanper-t2...rope...tops LML,SMS,LLL
-----------
## v0.1.23-a Tier 2 BigBag - 9 slots
- Create BigBag T2 from T1 with with 3x3...t2x1...3x5 sticks...bigbag...tops LLL,NMN,NNN
- Create BigBag T2 from Hamper T2 with 3x3...t2x1...3x5 sticks...hamper-t2...tops LLL,NMN,NNN
-----------
## v0.1.22-a Tier 2 Hamper - 6 slots
- Create Hamper T2 from Hamper with t1x1...3x4 hamper...tops L_L,LML
-----------
## v0.1.21-a Tier 1 Hamper and BigBag - 4 and 6 slots
- Create Hamper with 3x8 tops L_L,LLL,LLL
- Create BigBag with 5x1...5x5 sticks...tops LML,LLL
-----------
## Finished
- Hamper and BigBag T3
- Bigag T2
- Hamper T1 and T2
- Hamper and BigBag T1
- Fixed: Lang key not found: bigbag:item-bigbag
- Fixed: Reciept dosnt loaded
- Working: Tested with other mods 
- Make the Large Basket as separate item
- Rename Large Basket to Hamper
- Test and add Screenshots
